---
layout: post
category : Introduction
title: Overview
group: manual
---
{% include JB/setup %}

*Macquarie Papyri* is a metadata management system built for the [Department of Ancient History](http://mq.edu.au/about_us/faculties_and_departments/faculty_of_arts/department_of_ancient_history/home/) (DAH) at Macquarie University. It makes available to the public knowledge about the collection of ancient documents kept by the [Museum of Ancient Cultures](http://www.mac.mq.edu.au/welcome/), most of them written on papyrus, in an easy to use web site. It contains a description of each artefact along with low resolution and, when available, high resolution images of them.

The system offers a complex set of functionality for researchers, administrators and the general public. To the general public, which doesn't need to register, *Macquarie Papyri* offers simple searching, advanced search and viewing of papyri. For registered users, papyrologists and administrators, a richer set of features is offered that follows the lifecycle of a papyrus in the system. 

Not everybody gets to see the same records or the same data: some documents have a public nature, meaning that unregistered users can see all what is known about them; others have restricted visibility and unregistered users only see a portion of the metadata available; and a fraction as completely hidden. This mainly has to do with the different stages a document passes through while studied: an artefact just entered into the system will have only inventory information and most likely other aspects of it will be unknown or preliminary, making the document unsuitable for distribution. As the document progresses through this investigation workflow, more information is entered into the system and finally when it has been reviewed by other academics in a peer-reviewed publication it will become a fully documented public document. *Macquarie Papyri* gives administrators complete flexibility so a record can be made visible at any stage of its life before becoming public, enabling discovery by other researchers from other institutions and fostering collaboration within the papyrological community.

Throughout this manual, we will explain how this workflow and visibility gets implemented in various aspects of functionality.

Use the section navigation above to jump between sections, or follow the Previous/Next links at the bottom of the page.
Click "Back to Macquarie Papyri" at the top right to return to the main site.

The reader interested in the technical aspects of the system should see the [wiki on github](https://github.com/IntersectAustralia/dc12c/wiki)
